# freeclimb.Model.GetSpeechWebhook

The GetSpeech command has completed and its actionUrl is being invoked. A PerCL response is expected, unless reason is hangup.
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RequestType** | **string** | Context or reason why this request is being made. Will be getSpeech - The GetSpeech command has completed and its actionUrl is being invoked. | [optional] 
**CallId** | **string** | Unique ID for this Call, generated by FreeClimb. | [optional] 
**AccountId** | **string** | Account ID associated with your account. | [optional] 
**From** | **string** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**To** | **string** | Phone number provisioned to you and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**CallStatus** | **CallStatus** |  | [optional] 
**Direction** | **CallDirection** |  | [optional] 
**ConferenceId** | **string** | Unique ID of the Conference. | [optional] 
**QueueId** | **string** | This is only populated if the request pertains to a Queue. Otherwise, it is set to null. | [optional] 
**Reason** | **GetSpeechReason** |  | [optional] 
**RecognitionResult** | **string** | Semantic content (either a string if speech was recognized or a digit if a digit was input instead of speech) returned from the entry or tag that was recognized within the grammar. The content will be replaced by &#39;xxxxx&#39; when privacyMode is set to true. This field is populated only if the reason field is set to recognition or digit. | [optional] 
**Confidence** | **int** | Level of confidence in the obtained result. This is a value in the range 0 to 100 – with 0 being total lack of confidence and 100 being absolute certainty in the recognition. This field is populated only if the reason field is set to recognition. | [optional] 
**ParentCallId** | **string** | ID of the Call that created this leg (child call). | [optional] 
**CompletionReason** | **string** | Advanced diagnostic information if reason was error. See RFC 6787 section 9.4.12 - speech recognition. | [optional] 
**CompletionCause** | **string** | Advanced diagnostic information if reason was error. See RFC 6787 section 9.4.11 - speech recognition. | [optional] 
**MrcpCode** | **int** | Advanced diagnostic information if reason was error. See RFC 6787 section 5.4 - MRCPv2 specification. | [optional] 
**MrcpDiagnostic** | **string** | Advanced diagnostic information if reason was error. See RFC 6787 section 5.4 - MRCPv2 specification. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

