# freeclimb.Model.InboundCallWebhook

An inbound Call to a number registered on FreeClimb will trigger a request to the voiceUrl of the application the number is assigned to. FreeClimb expects to receive PerCL in response to this request in order to process the Call. The following parameters are sent as the POST body.
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RequestType** | **string** | Context or reason why this request is being made. Will be inboundCall - An inbound call was received and the voiceUrl is being invoked. | [optional] 
**CallId** | **string** | Unique ID for this Call, generated by FreeClimb. | [optional] 
**AccountId** | **string** | Account ID associated with your account. | [optional] 
**From** | **string** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**To** | **string** | Phone number provisioned to you and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**CallStatus** | **CallStatus** |  | [optional] 
**Direction** | **CallDirection** |  | [optional] 
**ConferenceId** | **string** | This is only populated if request pertains to a Conference. Otherwise, it is set to null. | [optional] 
**QueueId** | **string** | This is only populated if the request pertains to a Queue. Otherwise, it is set to null. | [optional] 
**ParentCallId** | **string** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

