# freeclimb.Model.IncomingNumberResultAllOf

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Capabilities** | [**Capabilities**](Capabilities.md) |  | [optional] 
**CampaignId** | **string** | The campaign ID generated by the campaign registry | [optional] 
**PhoneNumberId** | **string** | String that uniquely identifies this phone number resource. | [optional] 
**AccountId** | **string** | ID of the account that owns this phone number. | [optional] 
**ApplicationId** | **string** | ID of the Application that FreeClimb should contact if a Call or SMS arrives for this phone number or a Call from this number is placed. An incoming phone number is not useful until associated with an applicationId. | [optional] 
**PhoneNumber** | **string** | Phone number in E.164 format. | [optional] 
**Alias** | **string** | Description for this phone number. Typically the conventionally-formatted version of the phone number. | [optional] 
**Region** | **string** | State or province of this phone number. | [optional] 
**Country** | **string** | Country of this phone number. | [optional] 
**VoiceEnabled** | **bool?** | Indicates whether the phone number can handle Calls. Typically set to true for all numbers. | [optional] 
**SmsEnabled** | **bool?** | Indication of whether the phone number can handle sending and receiving SMS messages. Typically set to true for all numbers. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

