# freeclimb.Model.IncomingNumberResult

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Uri** | **string** | The URI for this resource, relative to /apiserver. | [optional] 
**DateCreated** | **string** | The date that this resource was created (GMT) in RFC 1123 format (e.g., Mon, 15 Jun 2009 20:45:30 GMT). | [optional] 
**DateUpdated** | **string** | The date that this resource was last updated (GMT) in RFC 1123 format (e.g., Mon, 15 Jun 2009 20:45:30 GMT). | [optional] 
**Revision** | **int** | Revision count for the resource. This count is set to 1 on creation and is incremented every time it is updated. | [optional] 
**Capabilities** | [**Capabilities**](Capabilities.md) |  | [optional] 
**CampaignId** | **string** | The campaign ID generated by the campaign registry | [optional] 
**PhoneNumberId** | **string** | String that uniquely identifies this phone number resource. | [optional] 
**AccountId** | **string** | ID of the account that owns this phone number. | [optional] 
**ApplicationId** | **string** | ID of the Application that FreeClimb should contact if a Call or SMS arrives for this phone number or a Call from this number is placed. An incoming phone number is not useful until associated with an applicationId. | [optional] 
**PhoneNumber** | **string** | Phone number in E.164 format. | [optional] 
**Alias** | **string** | Description for this phone number. Typically the conventionally-formatted version of the phone number. | [optional] 
**Region** | **string** | State or province of this phone number. | [optional] 
**Country** | **string** | Country of this phone number. | [optional] 
**VoiceEnabled** | **bool?** | Indicates whether the phone number can handle Calls. Typically set to true for all numbers. | [optional] 
**SmsEnabled** | **bool?** | Indication of whether the phone number can handle sending and receiving SMS messages. Typically set to true for all numbers. | [optional] 
**Offnet** | **bool?** | The offnet field is a boolean representing whether the number is offnet registered or not. This field will be rendered only for requests to the IncomingPhone number resource. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

