# freeclimb.Model.MessageStatusWebhook

An outbound SMS has changed status and the notificationUrl from the Sms command or Send an SMS request is being invoked. A PerCL response will be ignored.
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RequestType** | **string** | Value will be messageStatus - An outbound SMS has changed status and the Sms command&#39;s notificationUrl is being invoked. | [optional] 
**AccountId** | **string** | Account ID associated with your account. | [optional] 
**MessageId** | **string** | Unique ID for this message, generated by FreeClimb. | [optional] 
**CallId** | **string** | Unique ID for the Call in the context of which the Sms PerCL command was issued. | [optional] 
**From** | **string** | aPhone number used to initiate the SMS message (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**To** | **string** | Destination number of the SMS message (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**Text** | **string** | Body of the SMS message. | [optional] 
**Direction** | **string** | Value will be outbound to indicate an outgoing SMS from FreeClimb. | [optional] 
**ApplicationId** | **string** | ID of the application to which the destination number is assigned. May be null if the originating number is invalid in some way or is not registered to an application. | [optional] 
**Status** | **MessageStatus** |  | [optional] 
**PhoneNumberId** | **string** | ID of the destination phone number. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

