# freeclimb.Model.TranscribeWebhook

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RequestType** | **string** | The context or reason why this request is being made. Will be transcribe - The TranscribeUtterance command has completed and its actionUrl is being invoked. | [optional] 
**AccountId** | **string** | Account ID associated with your account. | [optional] 
**CallId** | **string** | Unique identifier for this Call, generated by FreeClimb | [optional] 
**From** | **string** | Phone number of the party that initiated the Call (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**To** | **string** | Phone number provisioned to the customer and to which this Call is directed (in E.164 format). | [optional] 
**RecordingId** | **string** | The ID of the recording. If no recording was made due to errors or the &#39;saveRecording&#39; flag being disabled this field will be set to null. | [optional] 
**RecordingUrl** | **string** | The URL of the recorded audio file. This URL can be used as is in a Play command to play the recording (no authentication needed). It can also be used to download the recording file via the REST API. | [optional] 
**RecordingSize** | **int** | The size of the recording in bytes. | [optional] 
**RecordingFormat** | **string** | The media type of the recording. | [optional] 
**RecordingDurationMs** | **int** | The duration of the recorded audio in milliseconds. | [optional] 
**TermReason** | **TranscribeTermReason** |  | [optional] 
**RecordTermReason** | **RecordUtteranceTermReason** |  | [optional] 
**Digit** | **string** | If recordTermReason is digit, this will be the digit that was pressed. Otherwise it will be null. | [optional] 
**PrivacyForLogging** | **bool** | Echo back of the privacyForLogging flag as specified in the transcribe utterance command – confirmation of logging protection has been applied. Can be used by application to know it should also apply protection when handling this request. | [optional] 
**PrivacyForRecording** | **bool** | Echo back of the privacyForRecording flag as specified in the transcribe utterance command – confirmation of logging protection has been applied. Can be used by application to know it should also apply protection when handling this request. | [optional] 
**BargeInReason** | **BargeInReason** |  | [optional] 
**BargedInPromptNo** | **int** |  | [optional] 
**BargedInPromptMs** | **int** | duration in ms bargedInPromptNo prompt was executing until barge-in occurred. | [optional] 
**BargedInPromptLoopNo** | **int** |  | [optional] 
**BargeInTimeMs** | **int** | epoch time in ms | [optional] 
**Transcript** | **string** | Transcribed text of the recording. Can be empty or null. null means there was a failure in transcribing the audio, refer to transcribeReason for detailed failure reason. | [optional] 
**TranscribeReason** | **TranscribeReason** |  | [optional] 
**TranscriptionDurationMs** | **int** | The duration of the audio being transcribed in milliseconds | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

